Job description and Required specification


Date:
2025.03.03
Prepared by:
Yusuke Aoki
Dept. / Section
Core Insurance Group / Corporate systems Team
Position
Lead Full Stack Software Engineer
Report line
including sets,
Expected Global Grade
GG11
Location
Tokyo - OLINAS
Target Start Date
4/1/2024
No. of positions
2025-R-003
Headcount
Yes
Replacement of
Click or tap here to enter text.
Job Description: Please describe the job, role and responsibilities to be assigned.
Job Summary: Responsible for a team that monitors, analyzes, design and develops applications. In charge of maintaining, supporting, and upgrading existing systems and applications needed to keep business running. Managing development projects to ensure they meet the company's business requirements and goals, as well as working with other departments to establish their software needs. Responsibilities: 1.Creates and executes project work plans and revises as appropriate to meet changing needs and requirements 2.Leading complex projects that require a deep understanding of Java, Azure, and cloud-native applications. 3. Excellent work experience in relevant areas and ability to visualize a solution and possible issues 4.Communicating with stakeholders, business, and development teams to enable quality deliverables 5.Experience managing effective software development methodologies & tools 6.Experience managing both internal & 3rd party development/delivery teams, onsite & offshore. 7.Experience delivering multi-channel customer experience initiatives on the PaaS platform. 8.Ability and willingness to engage in all phases and levels of the delivery process 9.Familiarity with leveraging Agile methodologies for development and delivery 10.Strong problem-solving skills with the ability to cross-functionally in a fast-paced and rapidly changing work environment 11.Identifies resources needed and assigns individual responsibilities 12.Review deliverables prepared by the team before passing them to other teams 13.Prepares for engagement reviews and quality assurance procedures 14.Identifies and manages project risks and issues. Requirements:
Please describe the skill


required competencies, experience,
etc.


· Bilingual with strong communication skills to interact with all relevant stakeholders. Native-
level Japanese and Business level Japanese
· 10+ years' experience in Project Management and application development
·5+ years managing Java & Microservice projects
· Min 5+ years of experience leading a development team
· Strong customer-facing and communication skills
· Experience working within an established PMO process
· Experience managing 3rd party implementation vendors
· Have a thorough understanding of OOP, design patterns, and enterprise application integration,
having a very strong Service Oriented Architecture and integration background
· Excellent analysis and problem-solving skills and ability to think through problems creatively
· Experience in design and development of highly scalable APIs and services that are used by
web and mobile clients
· Able to handle multiple projects simultaneously
· Experience with Cloud services like Azure
· Strong understanding of UX/UI, Microservices, Spring boot, JavaScript, ReactJS and NodeJS
etc.
· Experience and understanding of Agile Project Methodologies
· Experience working both with onshore and offshore development teams and vendor
management.
Preferable
Past experience in Life Insurance domain.
Others Qualification
BS or MS in Computer Science or a related field Language
□ English (ⓧ Advanced □ Intermediate □ Basic)
□ Japanese (ⓧ Advanced □ Intermediate □ Basic) □ Not Required"


Terms of Employment:


◇Annual Salary : Commensurate with experience and skills.
◇Wage Payment : Monthly


◇Working Hours
09:00~17:00 7 Working hour per day ※1 hour break
·Overtime work Yes


◇Holiday


· 121 days (Saturday, Sunday, and National holiday、 Year-end and New Year holidays 5 days)
·Paid Leave: 5 or 10 days (it depends by starting date)
·Other: Funeral leaves、 Special Leaves 5 consecutives days


◇Working Location : Kinshicho / Kioicho / Otemachi


◇Commuting Allowance : According with the provisions fully guaranteed
◇Retirement Allowance : Yes ※Confirmed by "Other" as below.
◇Dormitory/Company owned house : Depend on the hiring conditions
◇Social Insurance : Health Insurance、 Welfare Pension、 Employment Insurance、 Industrial


Accident Insurance
◇Other : Defined-Contribution Pension (Cash Balance Plan) 、 Defined-Benefit
Pension、 Property Accumulation Savings